1. On a scale from 1-4, how cool is Ethan? 
a) -1	Wrong, it is VERY CLEAR that Ethan is 100000 cool
b) 2	Wrong, it is VERY CLEAR that Ethan is 100000 cool
c) 4	Wrong, it is VERY CLEAR that Ethan is 100000 cool
d) 100000	Correct
2. Which one of these people is not on the Blue Mangoes Software Team?
a) Ethan	Wrong, Josh is not on the Software Team
b) Grace	Wrong, Josh is not on the Software Team
c) Josh	Correct
d) Noah	Wrong, Josh is not on the Software Team
3. How much do I like JavaFX?
a) I hate it	Correct
b) It's okay	Wrong, JavaFX is clearly the worst programming language ever invented and I hate it
c) I like it	Wrong, JavaFX is clearly the worst programming language ever invented and I hate it
d) I love it	Wrong, you should be admitted to a mental institution if you think that
4. How many different hats does Shefner wear?
a) 0, he doesn't wear hats	Wrong, he only wears 2 different hats
b) 1	Wrong, he only wears 2 different hats
c) 2	Correct
d) 3+	Wrong, he only wears 2 different hats
5. Who's Ethan's worst teacher this trimester?
a) Carriere	What!? It's clearly Rolland
b) Mayer	What!? It's clearly Rolland
c) Rolland	Correct
d) Jones   	What!? It's clearly Rolland
6. Which one of these variable for an array of ints names is Ethan most likely to use?
a) numbers 	Wrong, too long of a name
b) values	Fake news
c) n	Possibly, but I don't think I'm that bad of a programmer
d) ans	Correct
7. Why is Ethan going to fail SE 2?
a) He uses magic numbers	True, but it's all of the above
b) He can't type	True, but it's all of the above
c) He has bad variable names	True, but it's all of the above
d) All of the above	Correct
8. Which is the best reason for why Ethan is on Blue Mangoes?
a) I want an A	Correct
b) I like helping people	Hahahaha did you actually think that! I just want a good grade
c) I thought it would be cool at first and don't want to face Shef's wrath if I quit	True, but I want a good grade more
d) I want to go to Panama	Hahahaha did you actually think that! I just want a good grade
9. Why am I writing all these questions?
a) I am stuck on a FX problem and need a break	No I'm a perfect programmer, I don't get stuck on problems
b) I am bored and have nothing better to do	Correct
c) I like writing these questions	nope
d) I don't feel like doing homework	Normally this would be the answer, but I have no homework yet
10. I can't think of any more questions, so just guess a number?
a) 2	False
b) 5	False
c) 7	Correct
d) 9	False